# Big-data-system-used-cars

Nowadays, with the rapid development of the automobile manufacturing industry, the vehicle-renewal speed is continuously accelerating. People's requirements for automobile performance and quality are continually improving. Many people consider changing their vehicles, but they are unfamiliar with the second-hand car market. Thus, they cannot properly value their cars, which often leads to unnecessary losses or the risk of delays in selling them.
It is feasible to calculate the value of the used car through a fixed depreciation formula. Besides, it is possible to refer to the price of similar vehicles on the second-hand car website. However, on the one hand, the former valuation method is too rigid. For instance, the different value retention rate of vehicles will affect their average price in the second-hand car market, and the price estimated by the formula usually has a large deviation from the actual market price. On the other hand, the latter method is slower and more laborious. In the face of massive uneven market prices, it is difficult for users to obtain the price information timely and accurately.
Therefore, to help the users accurately and rapidly predict their used vehicles' selling price, our group first obtains the real-time sales vehicle data on the second-hand car website, stores it in the database, and then builds and evaluates various models to predict the price. As long as users input some vehicle parameters like brand, mileage, or license time, they can obtain real-time price prediction and the vehicles' information on sale similar to their vehicles. To operate friendly and simply, users can also just input their unique VIN numbers to automatically fill parts of vehicle parameters. 
In addition, we also provide help for consumers who want to buy used-cars. We will recommend nearby used-cars on sale and show their locations on map once the users raise the demand for cars and provide their zip codes.


